.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" (C) Copyright 2015-2016 Arnaud Rébillout <elboulangero@gmail.com>,
.\"
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH PNMIXER 1 "April 2016"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
pnmixer \- a mixer for the system tray
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B pnmixer
.RB [\| \fIOPTION\fP \|]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
.\" TeX users may be more comfortable with the \fB<whatever>\fP and
.\" \fI<whatever>\fP escape sequences to invode bold face and italics,
.\" respectively.
\fBpnmixer\fP is a simple mixer application designed to run in your system
tray. It integrates nicely into desktop environments that don't have
a panel that supports applets and therefore can't run a mixer applet.
In particular it's been used quite a lot with \fIfbpanel\fP and \fItint2\fP,
but should run fine in any system tray.

\fBpnmixer\fP is designed to work on systems that use \fIALSA\fP
for sound management. Any other sound driver like \fIOSS\fP or \fIFFADO\fP
are currently not supported (patches welcome). \fBpnmixer\fP has been reported
to work well with \fIPulseAudio\fP, but we lack feedback on this matter.
.SH OPTIONS
\fBpnmixer\fP follow the usual GNU command line syntax, with long
options starting with two dashes (`-').
.TP
.B \-d, \-\-debug
enable debug messages
.TP
.B \-h, \-\-help
show summary of options and exit
.TP
.B \-v \-\-version
show version information and exit
